What I want to do in this video is
give you a real short introduction in
how to use the Python Playground.
Now, we really, really indeed want you to
install Python and run it on your desktop.
And we give you instructions on how to
do that and videos on how to do that.
The idea is eventually,
especially if you're going to complete
the entire specialization, you must run
the programs on a desktop or laptop or
a real computer where you can have files
and manipulate data and create databases.
But it's not essential in the first two
courses to actually install Python.
We provide you a web-based,
browser-based Python environment.
But again, before I show you that,
I just want to encourage you to go through
the installing process, and get it there,
and it's just gonna save you some time.
In Week 2, we have this link.
This link will become useful to you.
We call it the Python Playground,
how to develop Python in the browser.
And this uses a actual Python compiler
that compiles code to JavaScript and
then runs it in your browser, so
we're actually not running your code.
We're really emulating your code.
And this Python environment that we have
is not a perfect Python environment,
and that's why I really want
you to use the real one.
It's really designed as an autograder
for the very simple Python applications
that I assign you in this course.
But you can play.
So some of these buttons you're not going
to see because you're not the teacher.
You'll see the Run Python button and
the Reset Code button and the Exit button.
So this remembers the code
that you wrote the first time.
And depending on what
assignment you're working on,
there is base code that's
not always correct.
In this case, I can reset the code
to the original that you will see
in the Python Playground, and this is it.
And it opens a file, and you're very at
the beginning, so don't worry about this.
But there are some files,
the files I use throughout the book, and
they're sitting here
available to be opened.
You can't just open any old file,
just these three files are available.
And then, you hit the
button and Run Python, and
then it runs the Python program, and the
output of the Python program happens here.
Now, I'll just show you, we'll just edit
this stuff and make it a little simpler.
Print "hello world", of course the first
thing, "hello world", and then I'll run it.
So this is an editing area and
this runs it.
And then,
print "have fun in the class", okay?
I can even make a mistake,
print make a mistake,
and I hit Run Python, and it won't run.
And, it's not the best of
error messages, but
it does say that there was
a problem on line three.
And I look, and lo and
behold, there's line three.
And once you run it,
it actually stores the code.
So I'm going to finish here, get out,
and then go back.
I mean, I'll just go right back to it.
And you'll see that the code I had
from before was already there.
And so you can use this.
The Playground is not graded.
And you can write any
Python code you want.
And a lot of people do write code.
We can take a look, the teaching
staff, if we find you in a forum or
something, we can actually
look at your code.
And so, you can use this as a way to
communicate with the teaching staff, okay?
So, I hope you find that useful.
The Python Playground,
you can always find that under
Week 2 where I have the Python,
how to run Python.
And it's there at this first thing.
So hope that's helpful to you.
See you on the net.